[Term Entry] Kotlin Datetime .DateTimePeriod() (#3916)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/datetime/terms/DateTimePeriod/DateTimePeriod.md

---
Title: '.DateTimePeriod()'
Description: 'Returns a DateTimePeriod object to indicate the time difference between two dates.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Time'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.DateTimePeriod`** function helps to make a new `DateTimePeriod` object that tells you how much time has passed between two dates (even up to nanoseconds). If nothing is passed into the function, it returns a `DatePeriod` object by default. You can use this function to set how many years, months, days, hours, minutes, seconds, and even nanoseconds are between two dates.

## Syntax

```pseudo
fun DateTimePeriod(
    years: Int,
    months: Int,
    days: Int,
    hours: Int,
    minutes: Int,
    seconds: Int,
    nanoseconds: Long
): DateTimePeriod
```

The function takes in up to seven parameters, and it is recommended to always explicitly name the arguments when constructing the function, like `DateTimePeriod(years = 1, months = 12)`. If all the time components are set to zero, the function will return a `DatePeriod` object.

> > **Note:** The function will throw an `IllegalArgumentException` if any of the inputs overflows a Long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** An IllegalArgumentException will be thrown by the function in case any of the inputs surpasses the capacity of a Long.
```

## Example

> The following example shows how to use the **`.DateTimePeriod`** function to add two weeks to a given date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to use the **`.DateTimePeriod()`** function to add two weeks to a given date.
```
